[BALANCE]
Major Sirius.
[LINA gasps]
[BALANCE] As of this moment, I
order you to temporarily suspend
pursuit and elimination
of the deserters,
and return to your
primary mission.
Huh?
[BALANCE] Make sure that
obtainment of the spell
that instigated
Scorched Halloween,
or the user who activated it,
is prioritized above
any other tasks.
If securing it is impossible,
you will need to
eliminate the caster.
[gasps]
Wait‐‐but that's...!
[BALANCE]
Brionac, yes.
Headquarters has given you
permission to use it.
For now, assume Tatsuya
Shiba is your target.
Tomorrow night, you will take
the Stardust members
and launch an attack on him.
You are to equip the
Brionac first and intervene
if and when you
deem it necessary.
Yes, ma'am. Right.
♪
[AZUSA, ISORI, KANON gasp]
Oh, Shiba, you're here!
I heard that Pixie started
emitting magical energy.
Can you verify?
Yes. We detected some traces
of high‐density Psions
from the P‐94's body.
They were found emanating
from inside the chest area.
From what I remember, that's
where the electronic brain
and vessels for fuels
cell are, right?
The source?
[ISORI] It was somewhere
near the electronic brain.
Honestly, this is too much.
And we saw traces
of Pushions, too.
Would you mind telling
me all the details
of what happened here?
[ISORI]
Hm.
The whole incident started at
exactly seven this morning.
[ISORI]
As per usual,
after Pixie's self‐diagnostic
program ended,
it should have gone
into suspend mode,
like it's encoded to.
[PIXIE]
Access student records.
[ISORI] However, this time,
Pixie's functions remained on
and it breached
First High Schools' server.
[TATSUYA]
How?
Wasn't the forced shutdown
command transmitted?
[ISORI]
It absolutely was.
In fact, it was executed
directly inside
Pixie's electronic brain.
But then...
[PIXIE]
Reboot.
Requesting access
to student records.
[PIXIE]
Repeat access request.
[ISORI] Ultimately,
Pixie continued to try reading
the student records
until the server shut
down the whole system.
[ISORI] And the entire time,
it had a calm, eerie smile.
I'd say its expression was along
the lines of... excitement.
Like it was feeling eager.
[ALL gasp]
Thank you, Isori.
I'm gonna take a closer look.
Pixie, cancel suspend mode.
What do you require of me?
Lie down face‐up on
that stand over there,
and switch to inspection mode.
[TATSUYA grunts]
I have found you.
[grunts]
[TATSUYA grunts]
[ISORI gasps]
Wow. Looks like Shiba's
even popular with robots.
[HONOKA growls]
I was not aware...
...you had a secret hobby of
playing with dolls, Brother.
How fascinating.
Hey, I wasn't the one
who initiated the hug.
She clung onto me.
I would think with
your athletic prowess,
it should have been easy for you
to dodge something like that.
[HONOKA]
Mm‐hm!
If I had dodged it, I'm pretty
sure it would have hit you two.
[HONOKA, MIYUKI gasp]
You're right, I'm very sorry.
That was so rude of me.
Hey, it's more important
we do something about Pixie.
[TATSUYA]
Pixie, release me, now.
Go sit on that table.
Of course, right away.
Hey, Mizuki.
Oh! Yes?
Take a look inside her,
but be careful.
Mikihiko, I want you
to keep a close eye
on Mizuki in case she gets hurt.
Do you think perhaps Pixie
is possessed by something?
Yes, I do.
[MIZUKI, MIKIHIKO grunt]
[MIZUKI gasps]
[MIZUKI]
It's there!
The parasite!
‐‐[PIXIE chuckles]
‐‐[MIZUKI gasps]
[chuckles]
[ALL gasp]
[MIZUKI] But...
something about the pattern...
[HONOKA gasp]
[HONOKA gasps]
What?
[MIZUKI]
Huh?
This arrangement...
it's just like Honoka's.
[HONOKA yelps]
[KANON gasps]
What does that mean?
The parasite appears to be
deeply under the influence
of Honoka's thought waves.
[ISORI] So, um does that
mean she's the one
actually controlling
what it does?
No, I don't believe it's
that sort of connection.
It's more like the parasite
is mimicking Honoka's thoughts.
Or maybe it's better
to describe it as;
Honoka's "feelings" have been
burned into the parasite.
I swear I never did
anything like that!
She's not accusing you of
doing it deliberately.
Am I right, Mizuki?
Um, yes. It's nothing you're
really conscious of.
They're more like
residual thoughts.
[HONOKA gasps]
[PIXIE]
That is correct.
[ALL gasp]
[PIXIE]
I was recently awakened
to especially strong feelings,
towards Tatsuya.
[gasps]
Active telepathy, now, too?
So, then the residual Psions...
They weren't magic,
but rather, psychic power.
[TATSUYA] Are you
able to communicate
through speech, or no?
[PIXIE]
I am able to understand speech.
However, it is difficult
to control this body's
vocal structures,
so I shall use telepathy to
better communicate my intent.
[TATSUYA] You seem to
communicate in our language
quite well.
How did you learn it?
[ISORI]
[PIXIE]
I have inherited the knowledge
of my previous host.
Then, does that mean you're
the parasite from before?
[PIXIE] I suppose we
are similar to parasites
in that we feed off
host organisms.
How many have you
sacrificed thus far?
[PIXIE] How many?
I cannot answer that question.
I do not remember
that information.
Too many for you to
recall the exact number?
[PIXIE] Incorrect. The only
thing we can truly inherit,
when shifting host bodies is
any knowledge wholly independent
from the host's personality.
We lose all memories linked to
their character, upon exiting.
Oh, I see.
So that means you don't
know what kind of person
your previous host was.
And you don't remember whether
there was one, or two,
or a vast multitude of them
for any given amount of time.
[PIXIE]
That is correct.
Your understanding is
sharp and accurate.
[TATSUYA] Looks you're able to
add your own opinion to things.
Do you all feel
emotions as well?
[PIXIE] We, too possess a
desire for self‐preservation.
[TATSUYA]
Okay.
What you're saying is you
have likes and dislikes,
which are determined by
what's beneficial or detrimental
to your survival.
[PIXIE]
That is correct.
Now tell me,
What should we call you?
[PIXIE] We lack what you
humans call a "name",
so please call this individual
by its nickname, Pixie.
Alright then, Pixie.
Are you someone who we should
consider to be our enemy?
[PIXIE]
No. I am subordinate to you.
Wait... me? But why?
[PIXIE]
I wish to belong to you.
I awoke from my resting
state because of her,
the one named
Honoka Mitsui's, thoughts.
[HONOKA gasps]
[PIXIE]
We are drawn to strong,
highly pure beliefs
and processes,
and we form our "ego" using
those thoughts as the core.
[TATSUYA]
Highly pure...
So, do you mean thoughts
rooted in single desires?
[PIXIE]
That is correct.
I believe that,
in your language,
the concept most closely related
to it would be... prayer.
I'd do anything for you.
[HONOKA yelps]
[PIXIE]
I wish to be useful to you.
I wish to serve you.
[PIXIE, HONOKA]
I wish to be yours.
[HONOKA] I wish to offer
everything to you.
[PIXIE]
That...
...is the unfiltered
prayer that awakened me.
And right now, the desire
to become only yours,
Is the emotion that
comprises my core.
Consequently, I am
subordinate to you.
[HONOKA]
I admit, I'm surprised
you all have an ego,
and even more so that all of
you are fully passive beings.
Because what that means is,
you didn't come to this
world of free will.
Do I have that right?
We originate as simple beings
that exist in this world.
We are given "wishes"
by our host.
That hits rather
close to home.
Anyway, would I be
correct in assuming...
...that you'll follow
my instructions?
[PIXIE]
Yes. That is my wish.
[TATSUYA]
Hm.
Fine, then. You will
obey my orders.
Henceforth, I forbid you
to use psychic powers
without my permission.
Your expressions change
by telekinesis, right?
That stops, also.
As you command, Sir. I am yours.
It never once occurred
to me that monster...
...could possess a robot, too.
It's probably because
it was a humanoid type.
Strange vessel to choose...
Hey, Miyuki You have piano
and etiquette lessons today,
don't you?
[MIYUKI] Yes.
[TATSUYA]
Then when class is done,
I'll come pick you up as usual.
Okay! I'll be waiting for
you when I'm finished.
[TATSUYA grunts]
[TATSUYA]
There are five of them...
And it's looks like...
...they're surveillance
from another faction?
They're all in position, Ma'am.
Sirius, do you copy?
The Stardust unit is
in place and waiting.
What is your situation?
I'm Set to deploy
on your signal.
[BALANCE]
Excellent.
First the Stardust unit will
attempt to capture the target
without incident.
If that proves impossible,
they will lure him to the
park where you are.
After that, I defer
to your judgment.
[ANGIE]
Roger that.
[BALANCE]
Then commence operation.
[STARDUST SOLDIERS gasp]
[STARDUST SOLDIER E grunts]
[STARDUST SOLDIER A grunts]
[TATSUYA]
The spell bounced back!
[STARDUST SOLDIER A grunts]
[groans]
[TATSUYA]
Hm.
An engineered magician‐‐
No, an enhanced human?
[gasps]
[TATSUYA] Enhanced beyond
their physical limit.
At this rate, they only have
a few more years to live.
A true suicide squad.
[STARDUST SOLDIER B groans]
[STARDUST SOLDIERS groan]
[gasps]
[TATSUYA grunts]
[TATSUYA]
That spell...
Without a doubt,
That was Strategic‐Class magic.
Heavy Metal Burst.
[scoffs]
[gasps]
[OPERATOR A] Colonel,
the target's tailing Sirius.
[BALANCE]
Why did Major Sirius
choose to abandon
her position, though?
And to fire the Brionac in
the middle of traffic...
[BALANCE]
Mobilize the relay vehicle!
[OPERATOR A]
Yes, ma'am!
[TATSUYA]
She cancelled her camouflage...
...in order to focus her
mind on this attack spell?
Tatsuya.
You'd better surrender.
I don't know whatever
crazy thing it is
you do to disable magic,
but you have to understand,
there's no way you'll be
able to mess with Brionac.
[LINA]
So be it.
[TATSUYA gasps]
[TATSUYA]
No time!
[shouts]
[TATSUYA]
Brionac...
That which pierces.
What a fitting name.
One such weapon
possessed by Lugh,
a Celtic god of light.
Can I take that name
to mean that somehow...
...you've replicated
the mythical weapon?
Quit stalling!
Don't make me say it again.
Surrender, now!
You can't use your martial
arts with only one arm.
There's no chance you'd
be able to beat me.
What would you do with
me as your prisoner?
Human experiments?
The same thing you
did to them, right?
[gasps]
[TATSUYA]
Sorry to disappoint,
but I refuse to be
your guinea pig.
[gasps]
Okay, then...
...I'll just paralyze
you and drag you away!
[gasps]
Wait! Your arm is...!
How?!
[TATSUYA gasps]
[LINA shouts]
[LINA grunts]
[LINA gasps]
[TATSUYA]
Lina.
If I were you, I'd think about
quitting the army ASAP.
[grunts]
You're too naïve for a soldier.
No... You're just too soft.
Sirius, commander of the Stars.
I don't believe you're
fit for this job.
Ah, Tatsuya. Good evening.
Is everything alright?
I'm sorry. I know it's late,
Mister Hayama.
What I'm calling for is, I just
came under small armed attack.
It was the USNA.
I see.
After fighting off
the first upsurge,
I engaged the Stars commander,
known as Angie Sirius...
...and I won.
I also managed to take
down the reserve team,
backed up the data
they recorded,
then deleted everything
else they had left.
[TATSUYA] Subsequently, I healed
all of Sirius's wounds
and erased any and all signs
or evidence of our battle.
While making contact
with the first wave,
I noticed other observers,
not with the USNA army.
Well, that sheds a bit
more light on it.
They must have been
with Section Three, then.
Section Three...
So that unit‐was a Saegusa hire.
Yes. Mr. Koichi, the current
leader of the Saegusa family,
seems to have shown
some interest.
I expect he is
investigating the parasites
or is trying to capture one.
Well, that's annoying.
We'll tide the USNA
over for the moment.
In the meantime,
please send me the backed‐up
data as soon as possible.
Without an excuse to
make Section Three act,
Mr. Kouichi should back out
for the time being as well.
That sounds good. Thank you.
‐‐[MIYUKI gasps]
‐‐What's the matter?
Something wrong?
[MIYUKI sighs]
No. Nothing's the matter at all.
[MIYUKI]
Brother, hey!
You aren't hurt, are you?!
Miyuki, please,
just try to calm down.
No, I will do no such thing!
You fought Lina, didn't you?
I can tell you did
by the blood on you!
Also, it wasn't a
one‐on‐one, was it?
There's no need
for you to panic.
You of all people should know.
Nobody can leave any injuries
on me if I don't let them.
Isn't that right?
[gasps]
I'm so sorry, Brother.
You're right, of course.
That was shameful of me,
I'm so embarrassed.
Stop. I'm the one who should
be sorry for worrying you.
[gasps]
No, that's not it!
Obviously, it's natural
for a sister
to worry about her brother!
But I am very much aware that
Lina could challenge you
a thousand times
and never succeed.
Nobody can defeat you,
though you may search the
entire world for such a person.
[TATSUYA]
I wouldn't lose to anyone.
How could I, with you
waiting for me?
[gasps]
[grunts, gasps]
[LINA]
Where in the world am I?
[LINA gasps]
[grunts]
[LINA]
But there's nobody here...
[gasps]
[grunts]
No! Why?!
[gasps]
No injuries...
No pain?!
What's going on...?
No... Exotype magic...
A mental attack?
Did we misinterpret...
...something really important,
this whole time?
What if...
...Tatsuya's not a Mass‐energy
Conversion Magic spellcaster,
but a magician with
a high aptitude
for Sensory Interference Magic?
An illusion master.
[gasps]
Oh, that's right!
The control room's
waiting to hear from me!
[phones rings]
♪